# BCG-Strategy-Consulting

Introduction: Our client for this project is a telecommunications operator who has had declining profits for several years. We have been engaged to help drive profitability improvement. 

Task 1 Market Research : Company X is a local telecom company and is facing a decline in profits over the past few years. BCG has been engaged to drive improvements in profitability. One of the hypotheses under consideration is the introduction of handset leasing. Handset leasing works by renting new phones to customers for a monthly fee instead of selling phones to customers at a discounted upfront cost. Customers lease phones for a fixed term (usually 12 months), before they swap their used phone for a new model. Some telecom companies bundle phone leasing plans with lower-priced sim only mobile plans. This allows customers to change their phones more frequently without incurring upfront costs of buying phones through retail, or affecting their mobile plans. For the telcos, this reduces their need to hold inventory, and reduces their financing costs, both of which can help profitability. After discussion with your team, you have identified the need to do some market research and find out the impact of handset leasing on telco profitability in other markets.

Task 2: Please have a look at the drag-and-drop exercise below. You need to drag the terms on the left-hand side next to their correct definition on the right.

Task 3 Data Modelling: One BCG expert sent some financial data. The market he suggested is at a similar stage of development to Company X’s home market. There are two main operators who form an effective duopoly. Company A launched handset leasing 2 years ago, but its competitor, Company B, did not. This allows us to isolate the impact of handset leasing on profitability. Analyse the data from Company A and Company B to determine the impact of leasing handsets on financial performance. State and apply your own assumptions, and identify the metrics you would use to perform a financial forecast for Company X. also, Apply the metrics and performance impacts you have identified to forecast the upside in terms of the key metrics for Company X. To do this, first assume that Company X will grow at industry average, then assume it will grow at the same rate as Company A, which introduced leasing. Comparing the two forecasts will allow you to calculate the net impact of leasing.

